API: ensure read_json closes file handle (#49921)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v2.0.0.rst

- :func:`read_stata` with parameter ``index_col`` set to ``None`` (the default) will now set the index on the returned :class:`DataFrame` to a :class:`RangeIndex` instead of a :class:`Int64Index` (:issue:`49745`)
- Changed behavior of :class:`Index` constructor with an object-dtype ``numpy.ndarray`` containing all-``bool`` values or all-complex values, this will now retain object dtype, consistent with the :class:`Series` behavior (:issue:`49594`)
- Changed behavior of :meth:`DataFrame.shift` with ``axis=1``, an integer ``fill_value``, and homogeneous datetime-like dtype, this now fills new columns with integer dtypes instead of casting to datetimelike (:issue:`49842`)

> - Improve handling of file closures in :func:`read_json` (:issue:`49921`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Files are now closed when encountering an exception in :func:`read_json` (:issue:`49921`)
```
